1. Let's start the interview now. Tell me about yourself.

Hello, my name is joenghyeon kim.
I'm 27 years old in korean age.
I'm 26 in American age.
I have been living in suwon for almost 20 years.


Unit 02. 거주지

1. 내가 사는 집 묘사

- 질문
I'd like to know about the place where you live. Do you live in an apartment or a house? What does it look like? How many rooms does it have? Describe it in as much detail as possible.

1) 현재 아파트 산다
2) 방 많다
3) 거실 제일 좋다
4) 거실에서 쉬는 상상한다.

- 대답
I currently live in an apartment complex with my family.
It's on the 14th floor.
There are many rooms. a living room, a kitchen, two bathrooms and four bedrooms.
What I really love about my house is a living room.
Because it's just so comfortable. 
There are many convinient things. 
Like a TV, a sofa and a air conditioner.
These day, I'm really busy on weekday, so I sometimes imagine lying on the sofa and watching tv at the living room.


2. 전에 살았던 집과 지금 사는 집 비교

- 질문
How is the home you lived in before different from the one you ilve in now? Compare the two places. Give as many details as possible.

1) 현재 아파트에 산다. 몇 년 전에는 자취방에 살았다.
2) 차이가 많다
3) 공간 차이가 크다
4) 옛날엔 혼자 살아서 작아도 됐다.
5) 지금은 가족과 살아서 크다
6) 이게 다르다.

- 대답
Currently, I live in apartment complex. A few years ago, I live in studio apartment. There are many differences between them. 
One of the biggest differences is space. In the past, It was just so small. It didn't have to be that large. Because I lived alone. But now, I have been living with my family. It's just big enough to live with my family. So It's really different from the past.

3. 집에서 겪었던 여러 문제 묘사

- 질문
There are always problems that happen in any home. Things break, projects do not go as planned, or people you live with don't cooperate. Tell me about some problems that have happened in your home.

- 대답
As I told you, a few years ago, I lived studio apartment alone. So I didn't have to be conscious of other people. But now, I lived with my family, I have to be that. When I talk to someone on the phone, I have to speak quietly.
And When I'm hungry at night, I have to do something quietly too. I'm really stressed out about it.

4. 우리 동네에서 자주 논의되는 이슈

- 질문
What are some issues in your neighborhood? What caused them and what impact have they had on the community? Give as many details about the situation as you can.

- 대답


5. 이사 후 내가 집에 준 변화

- 질문
What did your house look like when you first moved in? What changes have you made to your house since them?

- 대답


6. 집에서 내가 가장 좋아하는 방 묘사

- 질문
Please tell me about your house. What's your favorite room? What does it look like? Why do you like that room?

- 대답
