P.35 내가 사는 집 묘사할
1. 난 아파트에 산다   2. 방이 많다
3. 거실 좋아한다      4. 편안하다
5. 요즘 바빠서 거실에서 쉬는 상상을 한다

Currently, I live in an apartment complex.
There are many rooms. a living room, a kichen, and four bedrooms.
I'm relly statified with my house.
What I relly love about my house is a living room.
there are many things. Like a large TV on the wall, a big sofa, and a air conditioner. I usually watching TV while lying on the sofa. It makes me feel happy. I have a busy day on weekdays, So I used to imagine to take a rest at a living room.

P.45 영화보러 갈 때 내가 하는 일

1. 화장실을 간다
2. 도중에 가기 싫다
3. 그런 경험이 있다

No matter what, Whenever I go to the theater, I always make sure to go to the toilet. It helps me watch movie more comfortable. I don't want to go to a toilet during watching movie. I have an experience of going to the toilet in the middle of a movie. I love dringking coke. So In the past, I bought coke. But Because of drinking coke a lot, I need to go to the toilet. then, I missed an important scene. It makes me relly disappointed. Because of this experience, As I told you, It is important for me to go to the toilet before movie starts.


P.104 예상치 못한 날씨 변화로 인해 겪은 문제

I can't remember the exact day, but I think it was last summer.
I've had an experience of canceling plans due to heavy rain.
I was supposed to play football with my friends. We rented a soccer stadium. A few minute after we plyed football, it started raining. It's really heavy rain. So we stopped playing to avoid heavy rain. What I relly disappointed about it is It rained for a long time. We had no choice but to go back home. Unfortunately, We made an appointment to meet next time when the weather is good.


P.235

Hello Is there a hotel? I booked a hotel in a few days ago. I wanted to ask something. First of all, I heard that it usually rains there. How is it these days?? I was wondering if I should bring a raincoat or rainboots. Lastly, I was wondering if restaurant close early when it rains a lot. I'm worried that I won't be able to go to the famous restaurant that I reserved. Thank you for answering my question.


P.89 우리나라의 주요 산업/회사 묘사

I don't know well about korean industry. But I think that K-pop is one of the major Industries. Especially, K-pop Idol group is famous worldwide. They have a good-looking. Also, They have great songs. I believe that BTS made kpop more popular. A lot of Their music ranked on the billboard chart. Becuase of them, many foreigners became intereted in K-pop.
Thanks to them, Another k-pop Idol group became famous. It's relly different from the past. Nowadays, k-pop is famous not only in the korea but also in the world.


P.195 친구가 정한 식당에 대해 질문하기

Hi, Yujin. This is jeonghyeon.
We were supposed to meet at a restaurant to have a dinner today.
But I've never been there before.
So I'm very curious about it.
First of all, Where is it?
I hope that it's short walk from my house.
If it's not, I was wondering if I should bring my car.
Well, Is there enough parking space?
By the way, I searched for that restaurant on the internet, There is one thing we have to eat.
Have you ever eaten lamen there before?
I'm so looking forward to it.

P.107 우리나라의 은행 묘사

은행은 곳곳에 있다
시골에도 많다
9~5시 연다
한국 은행이 좋은 점은 편리함이다.
들어가면 직원이 있다.
친절하다

There are banks all over the place in Korea. The place that is located in countryside also have many banks. Banks are usually open from 9 to 5. One of the best Thing that I relly love is it's so comfortable. When I entered a bank, a security guard will help you. They are so kind. They usually print out a ticket with a waiting number. Also, If you have any questions, They kindly answer. And A bank tellers also help you to understand complicated documents. So I love korean bank.

P.113 과거와 현재의 건강에 대한 인식과 건강 유지 방법 비교

과거와 비교
옛날에는 다이어트에 대해서 사람들이 잘못 알고 있었다.
TV에 나오는 연예인들처럼, 그들은 그저 안 먹고 운동을 하지 않았다.
너무 괴로웠다.
그러나 요즘에는 먹으면서 운동을 한다.
다이어트에 대한 정보가 많다.
구글에 검색할 수도 있고 유튜브에서 영상으로도 볼 수 있다.
그래서 다이어트는 더이상 고통스럼지 않다.

In the past, people had wrong information about Losing weight. Like celebrities on the TV, They just didn't eat anything and didn't exercise. It was so painful. But now, When you go on a diet, you can eat more than before, and you exercise. These days, you can get a lot of information about losing weight.
You can search for it on Google or you can watch a video on YouTube. So losing weight is no longer painful.
